today so today I am wearing these cool
Africa outline earrings on my head I
have a turban inspired head wrap it was
a DIY project I got up in the bottom of
one of my sisters from the thrift shop
for clothes I have it's cool shirt it is
from Travis me once plus-sized line
which is cool forever to me wine plus or
it's called fake 2104 bell I had this
cool belt that I received from Urban
Outfitters is stretching has a big
bubble which is brac as well this is how
shirt looks from the back and forth the
bottom I had these cool American Apparel
leggings which had the tie-dye print
gonna front the inseam is black and the
side seam is black as well but shoe had
these cool they'll shave you to study in
flat shoes that I've had some snow
Modell's and that is my outfit of the
day guys from one position that okay so
that's my open today hope you guys like
it umm what I'll try to do is pull
similar options just in case you want to
recreate this or if the source still
have the same stuff I'll post way to get
in how much it costs and you guys
through your video responses of how you
word or how you did it differently and
yeah keep subscribing keep watching and
I promise but a give it better you see
later guys
you